feat: `@listSuffix omit/include` smart tag (#32)
graphile/pg-simplify-inflector: README.md

prefer you can override it entirely with `@foreignSimpleFieldName`. If you set
`@foreignSimpleFieldName` and you're using `simpleCollections 'both'` then you
should also set `@foreignFieldName` explicitly or unexpected things may occur.

Applies to:

- foreign key constraints

### `@listSuffix`

`@listSuffix` allows you to override the default naming on a per-entity basis,
overriding `pgOmitListSuffix`. For example, with `pgOmitListSuffix: true`, you
can apply `@listSuffix include` to have the list suffix appended to the simple
collection generated for that table. When `pgOmitListSuffix` is not `true`, then

> you can use `@listSuffix omit` to selectively omit the list suffix on entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@listSuffix` allows you to override the default naming on a per-entity basis,
overriding `pgOmitListSuffix`. For example, with `pgOmitListSuffix: true`, you
can apply `@listSuffix include` to have the `-List` suffix appended to the simple
collection generated for that table, and remove the `-Connection` suffix from the
Relay connection. When `pgOmitListSuffix` is not `true`, you can use
`@listSuffix omit` to selectively omit the `-List` suffix on simple collections
and append `-Connection` to the Relay connection instead.
```

If `@listSuffix` is set, the only valid values are `"omit"` and `"include"`. Any

> other value will cause an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other value will cause an error.

|                   | @listSuffix omit    | @listSuffix include |
| ----------------: | :------------------ | :------------------ |
|  Relay Connection | companiesConnection | companies           |
| Simple Collection | companies           | companiesList       |
```
